# Course Staff

> Instructors: Marco Morales Aguirre
Teaching Assistants: Ehsan Saleh (Lead), Ali Ebrahimpur Borrojeny, Shrey Sarswat, Xiaoyang Wang

# Campuswire

- Before you post a question, check if someone has already asked your question. The instructor and TA will attempt to answer questions within 24-48 hours after questions are posted

- Students will receive an email invitation once they are added to the class on CampusWire.

# Full Download
Course Staff

Instructors: Marco Morales Aguirre
Teaching Assistants: Ehsan Saleh (Lead), Ali Ebrahimpur Borrojeny, Shrey Sarswat, Xiaoyang Wang
Communications Resources

CampusWire: This is your go-to place to ask course content related questions, or for clarification on lecture videos and course assignments. Before you post a question, check if someone has already asked your question. The instructor and TA will attempt to answer questions within 24-48 hours after questions are posted. It does not mean that you should post questions at the last minute, e.g., 10 minutes before the deadline. It is highly recommended to check the CampusWire forum at least twice a day. Students will receive an email invitation once they are added to the class on CampusWire.
Office Hours. The instructor and TA will be available for weekly office hours via Zoom. To attend the office hours, please go to the Live Events page listed in the Coursera course options on the left. Office hours will be hosted via Zoom.
Questions

We strive to respond to all student issues as rapidly as possible, but in order to do so, we need to route the issue to the most appropriate avenue for its resolution.

Quick Questions. Quick questions can be asked of other students using CampusWire, which serves as an online alternative to hallway conversations. Please do not reveal or discuss exam questions or answers in these conversations.
Course Topic Questions. A question about the course’s subject matter, such as a topic from a lecture, notes, book or elsewhere should be asked in CampusWire or office hours. We encourage deeper learning through student discussion of such questions and the professor, TA’s or other course staff can guide these discussions as necessary, and will ensure any question is answered within one business day. You can discuss quiz questions and answers, and you can discuss assignments (but do not share answers). Please do not reveal or discuss any exam questions, since students take exams at different times, in some rare and exceptional cases (such as a medical emergency) even after the deadline.
Course Policy Questions. A question about course policy, including late policies, collaboration with other students and any deviation from the syllabus schedule should be sent to the TA.
Coursera Platform Questions. Any issues with the Coursera platform, including difficulty accessing a lecture video or submitting an assessment should be sent to 
mcs-support@illinois.edu
.
University Technology Questions. Any problems with your e-mail account or access to university services should be directed to Tech Services (
http://techservices.illinois.edu/get-help
).
Academic Advising Questions. Any questions about your progress toward your degree, what course you should take next, your GPA or other degree program questions can be sent to 
mcs-support@illinois.edu
.
Netiquette

In any social interaction, certain rules of etiquette are expected and contribute to more enjoyable and productive communication. The following are tips for interacting online via e-mail or discussion board messages, adapted from guidelines originally compiled by Chuq Von Rospach and Gene Spafford (1995):

Remember that the person receiving your message is someone like you, deserving and appreciating courtesy and respect.
Be brief; succinct, thoughtful messages have the greatest effect.
Your messages reflect on you personally; take time to make sure that you are proud of their form and content.
Use descriptive subject headings in your e-mails.
Think about your audience and the relevance of your messages.
Be careful when you use humor and sarcasm; absent the voice inflections and body language that aid face-to-face communication, Internet messages are easy to misinterpret.
When making follow-up comments, summarize the parts of the message to which you are responding.
Avoid repeating what has already been said; needless repetition is ineffective communication.
Cite appropriate references whenever using someone else's ideas, thoughts, or words.
Course Platform Help Resources

For Coursera Platform Technical Support

If you have a technical issue, the 
Coursera Help Center
 is a great place to start. The Help Center has detailed information on:

Account setup

Video troubleshooting and downloads

Assignments

Peer reviews

Degree student features

Coursera policies

For Coursera Platform Urgent Technical Support

If you need to speak to someone for urgent technical support, you are very welcome to use our chat support. This support is offered 24 hours a day 7 days per week. As a degree student, you can access chat support on any page of the 
Course Help Center
.

Remember that Coursera chat support does not always know that you are a degree student. Please let them know that you are a degree student for the MCS-DS program as soon as you start a chat. That way we can ensure that your problem is solved as quickly as possible.

For Zoom Training and Support

Zoom Help Center
: The Zoom Help Center offers the most comprehensive resources on Zoom. You can type in issues and search for a solution.
Zoom Video Tutorials
: Video tutorials that can be taken at your own pace
Zoom Technical Webinars
: Hosted once every month
Zoom Weekly Training Webinars
: Free to register and join. This is a 90-minute user onboarding session with live Q&A. If you can attend, you can also view the latest recording.
Zoom 24/7 phone support: Phone dial-in +1.888.799.9666 ext 2 or +1.650.397.6096 ext 2
Zoom 24/7 Live Chat
: The live chat feature is available at the lower bottom on any Zoom page. You will see a pop-up button that says Help. Click on the Help button and type in the question you have. After typing in your question, you will see the Live chat option to chat with a Zoom Agent.
Zoom Ticket
: Submit a ticket to Zoom for non-urgent account or technical issues.
For Disability Accommodations

To obtain disability-related academic adjustments and/or auxiliary aids, students should contact both the instructor and the Disability Resources and Educational Services (DRES) as soon as possible. You can contact DRES at 1207 S. Oak Street, Champaign, (217) 333-1970, or via email at disability@illinois.edu. You can also visit the 
DRES homepage
.

--
# The end