https://campuswire.com/c/GC92AFBD6/feed/3

Dear Students,

We would like to ask for your help so that we can provide you higher quality and more prompt feedback in response to your questions. Here are a few posting guidelines that we'd like you to follow. Doing so will also help your fellow students look up relevant questions more efficiently.

> **Start Your Question** 
Title with the **“MP X-Task Y:” or "Quiz X:" Prefix:** This will immensely help everybody in searches.

>**Include a Brief Statement of the Nature of Your Issue in the Post Title:**
This will also be helpful for searches and to understand the tipe of help you need. This is an example of a post title:

> EXMAPLE: HW 2-Task 4: Encountering np.inf Values in the Output of the log_prob Function

**Provide an English Description of the Steps You followed:** This will help in two ways:

It will help us understand your thought process and respond faster, since grounding human language is easier than interpreting the code.

This will enable other students to help you. Since we don’t allow sharing your code with the public, this may be the only information helping other students to help you and make suggestions. You will be amazed how many great students will try and help you.

You don’t necessarily have to write many or long sentences to get the message across; **Just writing a brief set of “(1) (2) (3)” steps,** each in one line, will mostly suffice.

One Important Note: Make sure you highlight the parts you think are the key, yet you are unsure of. Your state of thinking is very valuable, and can direct us towards the right part.
**4. Only Include Snapshots** If There is Key Insight in Them: You’ve probably encountered a case where the utility functions we provided, either printed the failed test argument or visualized them. While these outputs may seem useful, it usually ends up taking a large space in your question, and the snapshots alone don’t convey enough information to other students and us. Unless there is something visibly wrong with the visualization (e.g., having the predicted and reference output be visually identical while the auto-grader complains otherwise), we ask you to avoid posting long python error tracebacks and large array of numbers from the error messages.

**One Important Note:** 
You can definitely include the ***summarized message the utility test case checker functions*** return (e.g., whether your solution is incorrect, or has the wrong shape, or your function crashing, etc.). Those summaries are extremely helpful, so you are definitely **encourage** to include them. I was just referring to the long truncated test case arguments or visualization, which are often less helpful.

**Include Your Lab ID at the End of the Post: **
This will substantially help us give you more helpful and prompt feedback. I left some instructions to help you find your LabID in the *“Technical Note: Lab IDs, and Where to Find Them” post.*

Without actually seeing your code, we’ll just have to shoot in the dark and provide you with our best guess of what the problem could actually be. Other times, we’ll have to ask for your LabID, which will make the process of responding to your question lengthier.

**Make Your Question Public if it Doesn’t Have Any Sensitive Information:** It is absolutely fine to post a question as anonymous to other student. Lots of students can benefit from these valuable discussions, and this collaborative learning is exactly the main point of these public forums. You could also benefit from other public student questions.

One Important Note: Even the LabID doesn’t contain any sensitive information as I explained in the LabID post, so you don’t need to worry about your identity being revealed or your code being viewed by anyone other than the instructors.
We hope that you understand these guidelines are for your own benefit. Often times, when one of these points are missed, we will have to ask the student to provide that information so that we would be able to help them. The formatting guidelines can substantially accelerate our understanding of the issue and identifying the cause. Of course, posts that follow the guidelines are more likely to be helpful to a larger body of students, and therefore, we will be prioritizing them when responding.