https://campuswire.com/c/GC92AFBD6/feed/4

> **Who Made Up the "LabID" term?**

**Answer**: Coursera. That is, it bears no meaning in our U of I system.

> **Why Do We Even Need a Lab ID? Don't We Have Student IDs?**

**Answer:**

I get your frustration about our excessive ID system; there are NetIDs, UINs, University ID Serial Numbers, and now Lab IDs. In short, Lab IDs are about privacy on Coursera. I'll elaborate on that:

Think about your work prior to submitting the assignments. This must be private to you and only you; even the instructors shouldn't be allowed to see your work before you submit it. That's generally how the education system works, and Coursera wants to mimic that.

In Coursera, **even the instructors don't have the privilege of viewing your non-submitted work.** However, sometimes you want to show your work with the instructors for feedback. That's where Coursera LabIDs come in; the instructors don't know what your LabIDs are, however, once they get a student's LabID, they can view the student's work, and possibly give you some feedback.

That's why we ask for your LabIDs, and we cannot help you without them; we can't see your implementation without your LabID.

>**What Is Not a Lab ID?**

**Answer:**

The University of Illinois NetID

The University of Illinois UIN (i.e., Universal Identification Numbers)

The "prefix" in your Coursera URL:

For example, when you open the basic-classification assignment, you see a link like this

  https://www.coursera.org/learn/cs441aml/programming/J8NVT/2-basic-classification
To be clear, J8NVT is not your lab ID!

> **How Do I Get My Lab ID?**

**Two steps:**

Click on the Help Button

Copy Your Lab ID

> **Is It Safe to Publish My LabID? Can Other Students View My Code with My LabID?**

Answer:

No. In order to view your work using your LabID, we need to be logged in as instructors of this course. Therefore, even if you decide to give your LabID to a fellow student, they won't be able to view your work.

However, that's a decision by coursera. Who knows if they'll add an option to change your LabID, or make them obsolete.

> **Can the LabID Be Traced Back to My Identity?**

Answer: In short, we can't do so. Here's the long version:

LabIDs seem to be a bunch of random characters. We don't think they're determined as a function of your identity.

The assignment files do not contain your name or ID in them (unless you intentionally put them there), so even the instructors can't tell who the student is by viewing the assignments.

I Can't Get My LabID Since I Can't See "Lab Help". What Should I Do?"

Please follow the troubleshooting instructions at the Section "Not Seeing Lab Help?" at https://learners.coursera.help/hc/en-us/articles/360044758731-Solving-common-issues-with-Coursera-Labs .